A drop of sweat dripped from Addie's light brown hair and floated in a slow
arc towards the track. Her eyes focused on the track in front of her. It was
still disconcerting how it curved up. It was like whe was always running
inside a large hamster wheel. Well it really was a lot like that but much
bigger. The diameter of the centripetal wheel was a full kilometer. It
couldn't be any smaller than that without creating strange coriolis
effects. No matter, just having a place to run while on the ship was a huge
benefit. Addie silently thanked the designers for that foresight. And, she was
heading to Mars! How could that be bad at all?

She kept her stride as she passed the blue stripe painted across the
track. That was the lap marker and the entry point to the track. Bryce and
Vita were sitting on the floor next to the track, stretching and
talking. They'd begin their run soon. It wasn't clear if Bryce and Vita were a
'thing' or not. But it had only been three weeks since the ship left
Earth. Thirty-five more weeks to go. A lot could happen. In fact, the psychs
were worried that everyone would get stir crazy long before that. Addie didn't
think so, it was just too exciting.

The health officer required everyone to spend at least an hour on the wheel
every twenty-four hours. The track was ten meters wide so there was plenty of
room for multiple runners and walkers. On the right side of the track, every
fifty meters, were large windows facing out into the blackness of space. Addie
was glad that the whole wall wasn't a window. She wasn't sure how she would
handle that. But view of space at each window was amazing.

She remembered back a year and a half ago.

"Addie, you've got a letter here," her dad called from the other room. She
jumped off the couch and hopped into the kitchen. Something in her dad's voice
made her think it was important. He stood there holding the envelope, his head
cocked to the side and a lopsided grin on his face.

"You know, you look like Han Solo when you stand that way." She knew he knew,
it was a running joke between them. She grabbed the letter. "Just don't say
'I've got a bad feeling about this.'"

Her heart raced when she looked at the cream colored envelope. The ornate
International Mars Coalition logo was printed on top left. "It's from IMC,"
she whispered. "I'm afraid to open it." Her hands trembled in excitement as
she tore open the top. She unfolded the letter that was inside:

    Dear Ms. Adeline Barstow,
    
      This letter is in regard to your request and application to join the
    International Mars Coalition's Preparation Team for the first colonization
    mission to Mars. As you know, this is an important and vital mission for
    humanity. We cannot overstate...

The letter went on for a couple more paragraphs of explanation. Addie's heart
begin to sink. She wasn't going to get in but she forced herself to keep
reading. She got to the last paragraph.

      In consideration of the number of highly qualified applicants, we are
    pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to join the Preparation
    Team as a Software Engineer. Please respond to the website below to
    confirm your acceptance. We look forward to hearing from you.

Mr. Barstow stood watching his daughter read the letter. She looked up at him,
tears forming in her eyes. "Dad. They accepted me! I'm going to Mars!" She
laughed then giggled. "Did you hear that? I'm going. I'm really going! I can't
believe it."

Tears began to form in his eyes as well. He opened him arms and invited her
closer. As she moved in for a hug he continued. "I'm so proud of you Addie. So
very proud." He paused and cleared his throat. "And you mom would have been
even more proud. Well, who knows, maybe she is looking down on us now and
celebrating. She would have been so proud," he repeated, kissing the top of
his daugher's head gently.

The rest of that day had been a blur of activity. It was only later, as she
was settling into bed, that she realized that this would also mean that once
she left for the mission, it would be many years before she would see her
father and younger brother. In fact, her father might not ever make it. It
just depended on how successful the first couple of colony ships were. Family
members of the Preparation Team had priority once the colonies were
established, but that could take years. Or, it might not even be successful at
all.

The blue stripe approached on the track in front of her again. Bryce and Vita
weren't there anymore, they must have been ahead of her on the track now. As
she passed the stripe she tried to remember, was that the fourth or fifth lap?
Uhg. She had lost count again. She looked down at the smart watch on her
wrist. It was the dumbest smart watch possible. Instead of using an Apple or
Google or anything else watch, the IMC had decided to commision one of their
own. Sure, it was functional, but just barely. The problem was, there just
wasn't any software on it.

Addie had an idea. She could write a simple app for the watch. Just a simple
lap tracker. Many other people had complained about the dumb watches and she
was sure that everyone would love to have that app. It would be simple. It
would count the laps and even the time spent on laps. The app would be able to
report the number of laps, average time and even the fastest and slowest laps.

Yeah, it would be cool. 

Addie finished one more lap then climbed the ladder up towards the axle of the
wheel and back into zero-G. She headed to the shower, her head full of ideas.
