Sitting at his small desk in the security office, Tucker sighed and bowed his
head. Another dead end. The computer display showed that yet another of the
system access log files was corrupted beyond repair. Not just another log
file, the last one. That was all of them. This couldn't be an accident. A
couple weeks after the shuttle incident he started to get suspicious. The
mechanical teams insisted that there was nothing wrong with the locking
mechanisms for the shuttles and when they tried to view the system access
logs, they were unable to. The computer reported the logs as
unreadable. Tucker spent over a week trying to recover the data but was not
able to fix whatever damage had been done.

On a hunch, he started looking at the other system logs. It was the same story
for each of the major ship systems. That couldn't be a coincidence. Being the
head of security gave Tucker more access than most so he was able to dive
deeper into the system and access the tape backups for the logs. They were
stored on long term storage and it took a few days to get them all
loaded. Once that was done, Tucker was hoping to find a smoking gun in the
data but he was again disappointed. Even the backup data had been corrupted or
damaged.

Even more significant, though, were the warnings that Tucker's inner sense was
sending him. It was clear to him that the shuttle fiasco was no accident but
it was even more clear to him that there was going to be another
incident. And, considering that no one could board or leave the ship,
obviously, that meant that someone on the ship was the saboteur. Time was
running out. He knew it.

"Raven, can you come here for a sec?" he called to the other room.

His coworker, Raven Ledet, stepped into the room. "Yeah, what do you need?"
She was always cheerful. He liked that about her. And she was quite
attractive. Blond hair, despite her name, athletic build, and full of
energy. Many times he thought that if they weren't working together, he'd
persue more romantic interests. He was pretty sure that she reciprocated the
sentiment. But that was for a different time.

"Well, the last log was corrupted too. So we're completely out of options." He
sighed again and leaned back in his chair. Maybe his dad was right. Maybe he
was too young for this job. She sat in the chair across from his desk.

"Really? The last one, the infosys one, that was unreadable too? I thought for
sure it would be ok. It seemed the least damaged of the tapes."

"Nope. No dice. And I'm really worried. I've got a feeling that something big
is going to happen and we're not even going to know about it till it's too
late. You know, those anti-Mars people on Earth are probably the ones behind
it." Tucker ran a hand through his prematurely thinning brown hair.

"But didn't mission control screen everyone?" Raven asked. "I can't believe
that they missed anything. Did you check the personnel records?"

Tucker nodded. "Yes, but there was only summary information in those
records. The majority of the psych data stayed on Earth. I suppose we could
send a request. With our connections we could get access to that data. And
then we..."

"Wait!" Raven interrupted him and jumped up from her seat. Forgetting the
lighter gravity, she almost crashed into the ceiling. "Wait, that's the
answer. I bet. You know that periodically we send a dump of the system log
archives back to Earth." She tapped on her datapad for a second. "Yes! Two
days before the shuttle incident, we sent copies of the access logs back. We
can get those. I'm sure they won't be corrupted. I don't think anyone but us
knows that we send archives back to Earth."

Tucker's eyes grew wide. "Wow. You know? That will work. It certainly is worth
a shot." He leaned forward to his desk in excitement. "Raven, you're
amazing. Contact our security team on Earth and let's get those logs."

She beamed with excitement too. "Yeah. We're going to catch that guy, whoever
he is!" She bounced from the room, again forgetting about the lighter
gravity. Tucker smiled. Finally, a break.

About an hour later Raven came back into his office. 

"Got the data. I sent it to your terminal. Let's take a look." She slid a
chair around to his side of the desk and sat down. Tucker noticed the incoming
notification in his mailbox and tapped a few icons. Within seconds, the access
log data started streaming across his screen. Thousands of lines of system
access entries.

"What? Why so many?"

Raven watched the screen for a bit. "Oh. This is the complete, unfiltered
log. Every single time someone does anything with a sytsem, it is logged. I
mean, even if you just check the status on a terminal screen, it logs it."

"Wow. This will take forever to go through. Can we feed this to our analyzer?"

"No, I don't think so. It's designed to look at the rollup data, not the raw
logs like this. We need something that can convert this data to a format we
can understand."

"Seriously? Another roadblock?" Tucker felt success slipping out of his hands
again. He was already at the end of his patience. Another setback was just
about too much. He could feel himself losing control. "You know, I just need
to step away for a bit. I'm going to go for a quick run. Maybe that will clear
my mind." He offered Raven a small smile. "I think I need this otherwise I'm
going to go crazy. Can we take a break for a bit?"

She smiled back in her unflappable way. "Sure, you're the boss. I'll keep
poking at the data while you're gone. Maybe there will be something we can
do." She moved the chair back to the other side of the desk as she left his
office.

Tucker went to his quarters and changed into some shorts and a t-shirt then
headed to the running track. The exertion of running felt good. In no time he
finished the first lap and tapped the lap counter on his wrist. He let his
mind wander. Maybe he wasn't cut out for this security job -- just like his
dad had said. Once on Mars he was supposed to lead security for Bon Jovi
Station but now that didn't sound like a fun position. The trip, up till the
shuttle incident, had been uneventful and he had fooled himself into thinking
he was a good security chief. But when the first real problem came about, he
was useless.

The lap stripe came into view for the second time. Tucker tapped the wrist app
again. That girl Addie, who made the lap counting app, she was certainly a
success. Harry had told him about how she helped him with his staffing
logs. And everyone knew how she quickly remade the passenger manifests for the
shuttles after his big failure. Why couldn't he be more like her?

Tucker stopped on the track suddenly. Wait a minute! If Addie could help Harry
or with the shuttles, she could help him. He doubled back to the track
entrance and quickly made his way to his quarters. On the way he tapped his
watch to contact the software expert.

"Hello," her voice answered. "This is Addie Barstow."

"Hi, this is Tucker Peeler, from security."

"Oh, hi. Uh. Is there a problem?" Her voice shifted to tentative nervousness.

"No, no," he put a smile in his voice. "No problem at all. In fact, I'm hoping
you can help me with a problem. Can you meet me in my office in half an hour?"

"Uh. Sure," she replied. "Can I as what this is about?"

Tucker looked around the hallway he was walking down. "Well, I'd rather not
say here. Let's just go over it in my office. Don't worry, you're not in
trouble. Not at all. I'm just hoping you can help me with some trouble I'm
having."

Addie paused for only a brief second. "Oh. Ok. Sure, I'm glad to help." She
couldn't mask the curiousity in her voice. "I'll be there in thirty minutes."

"Thanks." Tucker terminated the communication.

In his quarters, he showered and changed back into his security uniform. He
raced back to his office and filled Raven in on his plan then they waited for
Addie. When she arrived they ushered her into the inner office and shut the
door. Raven brought in an extra seat for her.

"Ok. So here's the deal," Tucker started in right away. "You know that problem
with the shuttles? Well, we are pretty sure it wasn't an accident. We're
pretty sure that there's a saboteur on board."

Addie looked shocked. "Really?"

"Yeah," Raven said. "And we think that he's going to strike again."

Tucker nodded. "Yep. But we don't know who it is and we don't know where he'll
strike next. We've spent the last few weeks trying to dig through the system
access logs to find a pattern but the log files have all been corrupted or
damaged. We were able to get our hands on some raw data logs but they are in a
format that we can't analyze. That's why I called you. I'm hoping you can
write a program for us that will read the data in and output a format that we
can more easily analyze."

Tucker and Raven spent the next several minutes showing Addie the log files and
explaining what they needed. Eventually she nodded and smiled.

"Yes, of course I can do this. It sounds fun."

"One more thing," Tucker added. "You can't tell anyone, not even your boss,
about this. As of now, only you, me, and Raven, know about this. Everyone else
is a suspect."

"Oh, don't worry, I can keep this a secret. I'll work on it right away."

Addie left Tucker's office with her pulse pounding and wondering who the
saboteur was.

Raven smiled broadly at Tucker. "Well Mr. Tucker Peeler, Head of Security, I
think this is going to work. You are going to be the hero."

Tucker blushed with an embarrassed grin. "Uh. Yeah, right. I think think we're
getting ahead of ourselves. And besides, this was your idea."

Raven put her hand on his arm and he felt the electricity in his skin. "No, it
was your idea to ask for Addie's help. So I guess, it was a team effort." She
patted his arm and then moved away, still smiling. "You know, once we're on
Mars, we might have different assignments. If we're not working together,
maybe we can find other ways to spend time together." 

He looked at her, flashing a big smile. "Yeah, that would be nice. But let's
go get this guy first. You know, while Ms. Barstow is working on the software,
maybe we can go get a bite to eat. I mean, we do have to eat." The two of them
left the office and headed towards the closest dining room.













