Within seconds of the malfuction, loud alarms went off in all the living areas
of the IMC Two. Flashing red lights raced down the long radial corridors and
blinking strobes lit up each room. It was 2:00 AM, ship time, and most of the
passengers who had been sleeping were jerking awake to the emergency. A calm,
recorded voice started speaking over the ship broadcast system.

"Emergency protocol: code red. All passengers, put on your enivornment suits
immediately and proceed to your assigned muster location." There was a cheeful
chime and a few second pause then the message repeated.

Addie flipped the covers off or her bed and lept out of bed. Misjudging the
reduced gravity caused her to fly across the small room and into the far
wall. She twisted her shoulder just in time to take the brunt of the impact
there rather than on her face. "Oomph! That's going to leave a bruise," she
said to herself. "Light on." She gave the verbal command to her room's system
and the soft room lights came on.

The door to the closet holding her emergency environment suit was cracked
open. She moved to the closet quickly and slipped into the suit. Each suit was
custom fitted it's owner. This ensured that it was easy to get on and provided
the most flexibility. It wasn't about comfort, it was about safety. In an
emergency situation a person needed as much freedom of movement as possible.

Once the suit was on Addie stepped out of her room. The hallway was full of
dozens of other suited up passengers moving to her right. Everyone in this
section of the wheel was going to the Lyra lounge. That was their muster
point. There were a total of 400 people on the IMC Two and each one was
assigned to one of the eight lounges in case of emergency.

Sounds coming from outside the environment suit were muffled so much that
Addie could barely hear the audible alarms. Someone grabbed her shoulder from
behind and she turned to see Angelica. She looked panicked behind the
transparent faceplate. Her lips were moving but Addie couldn't hear what she
was saying. Angelica lifted her wrist and tapped it. Oh! Of course, the
radio. Addie looked to her wrist and tapped on the radio comms. She pressed
the button to open a two way channel with Angelica.

"Addie! What's going on?" She sounded panicked too.

"I don't know Angie. But let's get to the Lyra and we'll probably find out."
Addie grabbed Angelica's arm and started pulling her along the walkway. Others
were streaming passed them. "Come on. We've got to hurry."

"I know, I know." Angelica said. "I'm just so scared." She stepped up right
behind Addie and the two moved towards the lounge. It only took a couple
minutes to get to their destination. It was already mostly full. Addie and
Angelica found Martin, the muster captain, and registered their presence. He
marked them down on his tablet.

The main radio channel was so full of chatter it was impossible to discern
what was going on. Angelica moved to one of the lounge windows. This window
faced towards the central axis of the ship and her viewed allowed her to see
the twin wheel on the other side. It was spinning in the opposite direction,
as expected. Then Angelica gasped. Several small rectangular shapes were
floating in space on a trajectory towards the spinning wheel.

"Addie. Addie. Come look! What is that?" She pointed out the window. Others
noticed her gesture and flocked to the window. Soon all fifty occupants of the
Lyra lounge were staring out. Addie switched her radio to the Lyra lounge
channel where there were already a bunch of people talking.

Someone with a loud voice was describing the situation. "It's a shuttle. I
mean they are all shuttles. A bunch of shuttles broke free. All those small
things floating... Oh! I think they're going to crash into the wheel!"

The small vehicles floated with painful and inevitable slowness on a crash
course with the spinning spokes of the opposite wheel. There was nothing that
could be done to avoid it. The shuttles were out of control and the IMC Two
had too much inertia to change course quickly.

A few seconds later one, then another, of the shuttles slammed into a
spoke. At the first impact an explosion of debris puffed away from where the
shuttle hit. The shuttle itslef broke into two peices, each of which went
spinning out and away from the ship, but the spoke remained intact. The second
shuttle hit a hundred meters down the spoke but with much more effect. The
shuttle plowed through the spoke, shearing it in half. For a few seconds
clouds of vapor jetted out of both severed ends of the spoke. Eventually
safety bulkheads inside the ship sealed off the breach, preventing further
loss of atomosphere. Everyone on the Lyra channel was silent.

Eventually Addie spoke up. "I hope there wasn't anyone on that spoke."

Someone replied. "If everyone was in their lounge then I'm sure it they were
safe. I do hope that they were." Everyone started talking all at once and
Addie and Angelica switched to a private channel so they could talk without
having to compete with the other voices.

A few minutes later an annoucement was broadcast to all channels.

"Attention passengers. This is Captain Walker. The IMC Two has taken
unexpected damage in an accident. Details are being investigated. For now, the
emergency is over. Everyone, please return to your cabins for the rest of the
night. There will be a shipwide briefing tomorrow morning, once we have all of
the details. I know that it may be hard to get to sleep, but please try to
remain in your cabins while we clean up the situation. Also, it is now safe to
remove your environment suits."

It took a few minutes for the crowd to dissipate but eventually Addie made it
back to her room, removed her suit, and got back in bed. It took another hour
before she fell back asleep.

The next morning Captain Walker called for an all hands meeting at 10:00
AM. Addie logged into the meeting from her work station.

"As you have no doubt heard, there was an accident last night. Apparently
there was a malfunction in the locking mechanism for our drop shuttles. Over
half of them broke loose. Once they broke loose, we were unable to control
them and they floated away from the ship. Unfortunately, two of them struck
the portside wheel and damaged one of the spokes. The wheel construction is
durable enough that it is still functional. All damage has been mitigated. We
got lucky. The only real consequence is that we have fewer ships for landing
on Mars when we get there in a few months. But this is a solvable problem. Our
software team will be creating new boarding lists and assigning passengers to
the remaining shuttles. You can expect to see these new boarding lists in a
couple weeks. I want to personally thank every one of you for responding so
well to the emergency. We had 100% compliance with the emergency protocol. Due
to your quick responses, we lost no life in this potentially fatal
accident. Once again, thank you. If you have any further questions, feel free
to send me a message. I'll do my best to answer all questions."

The group message ended and Addie sat back in her chair. Well, she was the
software team. What did Captain Walker mean about the software team creating
new boarding lists? At that moment, her message inbox beeped. She looked at
the sender. It was Bowman, her boss. She opened the message and, as she
guessed, there were instructions for creating new boarding lists. Only seven
shuttles survived and there were 350 people to transport to the planet. But
each of the shuttles could hold a different number of passengers. It would be
a little tricky to write the software but quite doable.

Addie replied to Bowman. "Yes sir, I'll work on it right away."

