From a distance, the IMC Two looked like a civil war canon of strange
proportions floating through space. The two side wheels, one kilometer in
diameter, spun in opposite directions and the "canon", at fifty meters in
width, was much too thin. The axial tube ran straight out half a kilometer
behind the two wheels and two kilometers in front. On a closer view, a dozen
box-like protubrances were visible attached to either side of the central
tube. These were the drop ships and landers that the prep team would use to
land on Mars once they arrived. Bluish light from the engines glowed out of
the aft end.

Each of the wheels was quite thin. Eight spokes radiated from the center out
to a rim that was only fifty meters thick. Two concentric rows of windows
circled the rim on the outward, space-facing, side of the wheels. The windows
opened into the living quarters, work spaces, and community spaces on the
ship.

Everyone spent most of thier time in one of the wheels. Moving around in
partial gravity was just much easier to do than zero G. When the IMC Two had
launched, the wheels spun at a speed to produce the equivalent of standard
Earch gravity. Since Mars provided only about 40% of the gravity of Earth, the
mission planners built in a gradual slowdown of the wheel so that by the
halfway point of the trip they would be spinning only enough to create a
centripetal force equivalent to Martian gravity.

Only six weeks into the trip and Addie could already feel the difference in
her step as she walked across the light blue, rubberized flooring in the Orion
cafeteria. Each of the eight cafeterieas on board were named after a different
constellation. Addie liked Orion and Pegasus best. She carried her tray to an
empty table and sat down. The meals were not that great. Usually some
variation of rice or beans with some sort of sauce. Today's dinner looked like
cajun rice and a large side reconstituted steamed broccoli.

After only a few bites, Addie's dumb smart watch beeped with a notification. A
quick glance made her heart skip a beat. It was Director Goliss. She was one
of the directors who was going to lead one of the base colonies when they
landed. Getting a direct call from her was a big deal. The notification asked
for Addie to meet in her office in thirty minutes. Addie responded that she'd
be there then scarfed down the rest of her food.

She tossed her empty tray in the cleaning bin on her way out of the Orion and
raced to her room to grab her tablet and make sure she looked presentable. She
had never met Director Goliss in person but she'd definitely heard about
her. Most people had. The directors offices were on the other side of the
wheel so she'd have to grab a scooter to get there in time.

With two minutes to spare, Addie arrived at the office. Her knock on the door,
just under the nameplate, was immediately answered with a "Come in".  The
director was sitting at her desk and Harry, from ship services was sitting
across from her. Sweat beaded on his forehead and there were dark pit stains
on his shirt. Gross.

The director motioned a chair next to Harry and Addie sat down.

"Thanks for joining us on such short notice. We've not met yet but I'm
Director Goliss. I'll..."

"Yes, I know who you are," Addie interrupted then stopped. "Uh. Sorry. Please
continue."

"Yes. Ok. So you know who I am. Well, since I'll be leading one of the prep
colonies once we land, I don't have a lot of responsibilities on the travel
part of this mission. In fact, the only thing they've given me to do is to
manage maintenance and upkeep on the ship and that's where Mr. Collins here
comes into play." Harry nodded at Addie. They'd eaten dinner at the same table
many times before.

"You see, Mr. Collins is supposed to be managing his staff to make sure stuff
is getting done on the ship. Things like cleaning the air ducts, making sure
our water processor is working, that sort of thing. We've been in transit for
six weeks and, well to put it nicely, a few things are falling through the
cracks."

Harry began to wring his hands as the director glared at him.

"For some reason, Mr. Collins hasn't been able to get his team scheduled. He
says it's too complicated. Maybe you can explain, Mr. Collins."

Harry stumbled for a second then spoke up. "Well, I've got these people and I
keep assigning them tasks and I make a schedule and then it turns out that
someone is doing a task and then the next day I schedule them to do something
else but they aren't finished with the first thing or sometimes I even get so
confused that I schedule the same person for two different things on the same
day. Or two different people to do the same thing on the same day. Or. Well,
it's just confusing."

The director watches Harry describe his problem and waits until he runs out of
steam then she turns to Addie. "I heard what you did with the lap
tracker. That was clever. In fact, I use it all the time now." She offers a
thin but genuine smile. "So I was thinking, since you seem to be clever with
software, maybe you could help Mr. Collins here. He could give you a list of
days and tasks -- his proposed schedule for a period -- and then you could
process that and print out the entire schedule for that period and also show
him any errors in the schedule. See? If he had that program, he could
rearrange the schedule as much as he needed until he eliminated all of the
conflicts."

Addie considered the concept for a few moments. "Yeah, I think that's
doable. If Harry, I mean Mr. Collins, could send me a sample file to work
with, I could create a program for him in a few days."

Director Goliss smiled and nodded her head one time. "Very good. Mr. Collins?
Will that work for you?"

Harry nodded his head eagerly, much more than one time. "Yes. Yes. That will
be perfect." He turned to Addie. "I'll send you a file as soon as I get back
to my station."

Director Goliss stood. Harry and Addie stood as well. "Thank you both. I'm
sure that the two of you working together will get this worked out
perfectly. And Harry," her use of his first name surprised him, "please make
it work. We don't all want to die out here." She held a stern look for only a
second then let a small smile loose. She winked at him. "Now you two, get
busy."







