Tucker and Harry raced down the corridor towards engineering. The saboteur was
only a few steps ahead of them. They heard the door to engineering slide shut
and the chime indicating that it was locked. As they approached the door
Tucker pressed the open button and it just beeped at him. He typed in his
access code with sweaty and trembling fingers. The door still wouldn't
open. Harry was trying to force the door open by pushing it back into the wall
pocket. That would never work.

Tucker tapped his comms. "Raven, we're at engineering. She got in there ahead
of us and locked the door. She locked out my access code. Can you override
it?"

Raven's voice came over the small comm unit speaker. "Yep. Give me a sec." The
urgency was apparent in her voice. Just a couple days ago they had finally
been able to analyze the access log data. The evidence clearly pointed to
Angelica Milliken as the saboteur. When they confronted her it was almost like
she had expected it. She gave them the slip and then hid in one of the rarely
used storage lockers. When they finally found her hiding place and flushed her
out, she led them on a chase through most of the ship and it finally ended
here in engineering.

Suddenly red lights began flashing in the hallway and an audible alarm started
ringing from the other side of the door. Tucker's heart skipped a beat and he
turned to Harry. "What's going on Harry? What did she do?"

"Uh, um. I don't know..." Harry was busy tapping and scrolling on his
watch. "I'm trying to access the system but this stupid watch interface is,
well, stupid."  He was flustered but working quickly. "Oh. Ok. Here. Oh no!"
His face went white. He made eye contact with Tucker. "She's shutdown the
reactor safeguards and is overdriving the reactor itself now."

Tucker's eyes grew wide. "That sounds bad."

"Yeah. If we don't stop her, and soon, the engines are going to blow. Worst
case, the explosion will destroy the whole ship. Best case, the main hull will
survive, but we'll be nothing more than a floating husk, waiting for our life
support systems to drain the batteries."

Tucker tapped his comms again. "Raven? Anything? We need to get in. Right
away." Looking at Harry, "How much time?" 

Harry consulted his watch display. "I'd say we have less than three minutes
before the reactor has reached a point of no return."

"Raven, we have less than..."

Raven's voice interrupted. "Right. I heard. I'm working as fast as I can. Oh
wait. There it is."  They could hear a few beeps over the comms then the
engineering door slid open.

"Thanks Rave!" Tucker replied and then ran through the door with Harry right
on his heels. Angelica was seated at one of the engineering workstations. She
looked up as soon as they entered. "Too late!" she exclaimed and tapped the
screen. Tucker didn't even slow down, he launched himself across the room and
body tackled her out of the chair.

He landed on top of her when they hit the floor and then he grabbed her arms
before she could get free. He pulled wrist restraints from his belt and
slapped them on her. He shouted to Harry over his shoulder. "Get that reactor
calmed down. Now!" Harry was already working at the station.

A few moments later Harry stepped away from the terminal. Tucker stood and
pulled Angelica to her feet. She had a smirk on her face. He looked at Harry
with a questioning look. "Got it," Harry replied. He peeked over at the
workstation again. "Yep. The safeguards are back online and the reactor is
cooling down to normal temperatures."

"You know, you won't be able to stop us," Angelica said. Her voice was
calm. She knew she had lost but she didn't seem the think that she had been
defeated. "You think you're safe now but just wait and see."

Tucker ignored her and started pulling her towards the door. He tapped his
comms again. "Raven. We got her. I'm bringing her in. Make sure that cell is
ready." He guided the saboteur ahead of him. "Ok, let's go."

Tucker kept leading her down the hall. "I hope you like small spaces. For the
next eight weeks, you'll be enjoying a special room, all to yourself. When we
get to Mars, then you'll get your trial. I don't think the counsel is going to
be very happy."

It didn't take long for Tucker to get Angelica back to security. He put her in
the solitary cell then locked the door. He nodded to Raven as he walked past
her. "Job well done. She implied that there will be more attacks. I hope it
was just a bluff."

... Six weeks later ...

Addie opened her inbox for the twentieth time that morning. Still no
messages. That didn't make any sense. Only two weeks remained until the
landing. There should be a ton of messages as everyone was making
preparations. Strangely, the opposite had been happening. Over the last couple
of days the number of messages had been tapering off and now she wasn't
receiving any at all. Worse than that, her saved messages were gone too. She
tried again to send a message to her dad. She was able to type the message but
then when she hit the send button, nothing happened.

"I give up! It's not working." She pushed herself away from her desk and
tossed her hands in the air. Her chair rolled all the way across the small
office and bumped into Bowman's desk. "So? Are you having problems with your
messages? I haven't been getting any new messages for a while."

Her supervisor leaned back in his chair with a short laugh. "What? You're
complaining about not getting any work requests and messages about problems?
Heh. I haven't been getting any either and I just figured it was good luck."

"That would be nice," she huffed sarcastically. "But I think there's actually
a problem. I can't even send messages."

"Really?" He let his chair come back to the normal position and checked his
terminal. "Sure enough. I can't send either. I wonder what's going on." He
kept typing and Addie rolled her chair around to see his computer screen. "You
should pull up the diagnostic software and we can run some tests."

"Good idea." He tapped the gear and hammer icon. The diagnostic software
started running and almost instantly the screen was full of red alert
messages.

"Whoa! What's going on?" He selected a couple items. "Everything is gone. I
mean, the entire message system is just erased." A ball of anxiety started to
boil in Addie's gut. Her thoughts immediately went back to the incident with
Angelica a few weeks ago. She couldn't get over how her friend had betrayed
all of them, especially her. And now it might be happening again.

Bowen was staring intently at the screen. "Addie, help me figure this out."

"I think it might be Angelica again. Maybe she planted something. Remember
Harry and Raven telling us what she said? Can you run a deep system integrity
check on each major system?" 

After a few minutes they both understood what had happened. Some sort of virus
software had been planted in the scanning system -- something no one ever
thought to check. The virus had kicked in a couple days ago and had been
systematically uninstalling and erasing the message systems.

"This is bad." Bowen said with a sigh. "Without messaging, we won't receive
the final instructions that we need from Earth. They've been checking and
rechecking the whole planet and determining the best landing points. If we
don't get that info, we'll be stuck." He puffed out his cheeks then blew a
blast of air out. "Wow. This is real bad."

"You know, I might have a solution. What if I just rewrite the message
system. Well, at least a basic system."

He looked at her in amazement. "You can do that?"

Addie nodded but Bowen could tell that her gears were already turning. "Yeah,
I can. It won't be as fancy as the system we had, but it will allow us to do
basic stuff. And I think I can finish it up in a week or so."

"Addie, if you can do that, you'd be a hero. Again!"

She started moving back to her desk, her eyes focused in the distance. "Yeah,
uh huh. Just doing my job. But I think I'd better start right away."

